video-categories/discrete-mathematics/scripts/sets-set-builder-notation-and-common-sets.md, before:


What is a set? A set is distinct objects called elements or members. An element is essentially anything you want it to be.
For example, elements of a set could be numbers, letters, variables, more sets, or nothing at all.

Sets are usually denoted by a capital letter, such as A. Suppose we have the number 5, and we know it is an element of the set A. Then we would say, "5 is an element of A". Or, using symbols, `5 ∈ A`. You see why we use symbols? It will save you a lot of time in the future.
So what does a set actually look like? They have a two commons notations. The first notation I will introduce is roster notation. A set displayed in roster notation is nothing more than elements, separated by commas, in between two curly braces. For example, `A={5}, B={2,3,4}, C={d,f,g}, D={A,B,C}={{5},{2,3,4},{d,f,g}}`.

Now, I’m hoping you realize that roster notation is identical to arrays in JavaScript! Stick with me, and you will have quite the advantage as you take on future algorithm challenges.

In the next video, I will introduce another form of set notation, in addition to some special sets. Enjoy!

### Questions:
1. Can a set contain different types of objects? **(Y)**
2. Can a set contain repeated objects?  **(Y)**
3. Can a set contain no objects? **(Y)**

Commit message:

Update sets-set-builder-notation-and-common-sets.md (#217)
* Update sets-set-builder-notation-and-common-sets.md

I had the scripts for "What is a set?" in here.

* Update sets-what-is-a-set.md

* Update sets-set-operators.md

* Update sets-set-builder-notation-and-common-sets.md

* Update sets-set-builder-notation-and-common-sets.md

* Update sets-what-is-a-set.md

video-categories/discrete-mathematics/scripts/sets-set-builder-notation-and-common-sets.md, after:

In this video I will introduce interval notation, set-builder notation, and talk about some common sets.

The beauty of interval notation is that it allows us to efficiently describe the elements of a set. Suppose we wanted to say, “The variable x is between zero and one.” then we can simply write x∈(0,1) or 0<x<1. Similarly, if we wish to include the number one in the interval, we would write x∈(0,1] or 0<x≤1. If we wish to include zero and one, x∈[0,1] or 0≤x≤1.

A common and highly important set that can be defined using interval notation, is the set of real numbers, R = (-∞,∞). Note that in this instance we are not saying that R equals the point (-∞,∞). Although this is the same notation used for describing points on a Cartesian plane, this is a different context and shouldn’t be confused. We are simply saying that the set of real numbers contains all elements between negative infinity and infinity. Some other common sets are: null-set (ø), natural numbers (N), whole numbers (N_0), integers (Z).


Questions (Yes or no):
Should you use roster notation for sets with many elements? (No)
Is it possible to construct a set with an infinite amount of elements using roster notation? (Yes)
Is it possible to construct a set with an infinite amount of elements using set-builder notation? (Yes)
Do the real numbers contain all integers? (Yes)
Do the integers contain all the natural numbers? (Yes)
