video-categories/discrete-mathematics/scripts/sets-what-is-a-set.md, before:

What is a set? A set is distinct objects called elements or members. An element is essentially anything you want it to be. For example, elements of a set could be numbers, letters, variables, more sets, or nothing at all.
Sets are usually denoted by a capital letter, such as A. Suppose we have the number 5, and we know it is an element of the set A. Then we would say, "5 is an element of A". Or, using symbols, `5 ∈ A`. You see why we use symbols? It will save you a lot of time in the future.
So what does a set actually look like? They have a two commons notations. The first notation I will introduce is roster notation. A set displayed in roster notation is nothing more than elements, separated by commas, in between two curly braces. For example, `A={5}, B={2,3,4}, C={d,f,g}, D={A,B,C}={{5},{2,3,4},{d,f,g}}`.
Now, I’m hoping you realize that roster notation is identical to arrays in JavaScript! Stick with me, and you will have quite the advantage as you take on future algorithm challenges.
In the next video, I will introduce another form of set notation, in addition to some special sets. Enjoy!


### Questions:
1. Can a set contain different types of objects?  **(Y)**
2. Can a set contain repeated objects?  **(Y)**
3. Can a set contain no objects? **(Y)**

Commit message:

Update sets-set-builder-notation-and-common-sets.md (#217)
* Update sets-set-builder-notation-and-common-sets.md

I had the scripts for "What is a set?" in here.

* Update sets-what-is-a-set.md

* Update sets-set-operators.md

* Update sets-set-builder-notation-and-common-sets.md

* Update sets-set-builder-notation-and-common-sets.md

* Update sets-what-is-a-set.md

video-categories/discrete-mathematics/scripts/sets-what-is-a-set.md, after:

What is a set? A set is distinct objects called elements or members. An element is essentially anything you want it to be. For example, elements of a set could be numbers, letters, variables, more sets, or nothing at all.
Sets are usually denoted by a capital letter, such as A. Suppose we have the number 5, and we know it is an element of the set A. Then we would say, "5 is an element of A". Or, using symbols, `5 ∈ A`. You see why we use symbols? It will save you a lot of time in the future.
So what does a set actually look like? There are two common notations. The first notation I will introduce is roster notation. A set displayed in roster notation is nothing more than elements, separated by commas, in between two curly braces. For example, `A={5}, B={2,3,4}, C={d,f,g}, D={A,B,C}={{5},{2,3,4},{d,f,g}}`.
I hope you realize that roster notation is identical to arrays in JavaScript! Stick with me, and you will have quite the advantage as you take on future algorithm challenges.
In the next video, I will introduce another form of set notation, in addition to some special sets. Enjoy!


### Questions:
1. Can a set contain different types of objects?  **(Yes)**
2. Can a set contain repeated objects?  **(No)**
3. Can a set contain no objects? **(Yes)**
