video-categories/discrete-mathematics/scripts/sets-set-operators.md, before:

In this video, I will explain define four different operations on sets, and will allow us to review the last video as well. 
Then, we will talk about two more common sets. These operations are union, intersection, difference, and symmetric difference.

These are all binary operations, meaning they can only be performed on two sets at a time.
For convenience, I will refer to the following two sets: `A={1,2,3}, B={2,4,x,y}` throughout the video.

"The union of A and B" is denoted by `A∪B`. By definition, `A∪B = { c : c∈A or c∈B}.` Therefore,  A`∪B = {1,2,3,4,x,y}.`
"The intersection of A and B" is denoted by `A∩B`. By definition, `A∩B = {c : c∈A and c∈B}`. Therefore, `A∩B = {2}`.
"The difference of A and B" is denoted by `A∖B`. By definition, `A∖B = {c : c∈A and c∉B}`. Therefore, `A∖B = {1,3}` and `B∖A = {4,x,y}`
"The symmetric difference of A and B" is denoted by `A∆B` or `A⊕B = (A∖B) ∪ (B∖A).` Therefore, A`⊕B = {1,3,4,x,y}.`

I recommend using the venn diagrams as an aid to learning, but don’t rely on them for the future.
You will learn future topics much easier if you rely on the definitions, rather than the diagrams.
This knowledge will come in handy when completing algorithm challenges!

Commit message:

Update sets-set-builder-notation-and-common-sets.md (#217)
* Update sets-set-builder-notation-and-common-sets.md

I had the scripts for "What is a set?" in here.

* Update sets-what-is-a-set.md

* Update sets-set-operators.md

* Update sets-set-builder-notation-and-common-sets.md

* Update sets-set-builder-notation-and-common-sets.md

* Update sets-what-is-a-set.md

video-categories/discrete-mathematics/scripts/sets-set-operators.md, after:

In this video, I will define four different set operators. These operations are union, intersection, difference, and symmetric difference. These are all binary operations, meaning they can only be performed on two sets at a time. For convenience, I will refer to the following two sets: A={1,2,3}, B={2,4,x,y} throughout the video.

	“The union of A and B” is denoted by A∪B. By definition, A∪B = {p : p∈A or p∈B}.
	Therefore,  A∪B = {1,2,3,4,x,y}.
	
	“The intersection of A and B” is denoted by A∩B. By definition, A∩B = {q : q∈A and q∈B}.
	Therefore, A∩B = {2}.
	
	“The difference of A and B” is denoted by A∖B. By definition, A∖B = {r : r∈A and r∉B}.
	Therefore, A∖B = {1,3} and B∖A = {4,x,y}
	
	“The symmetric difference of A and B” is denoted by A∆B or A⊕B = (A∖B) ∪ (B∖A).
	Therefore, A⊕B = {1,3,4,x,y}.

	Now that we have defined set-difference, I can more easily introduce two common sets, the rational and irrational numbers.

	I recommend using the venn diagrams as an aid to understand set operators, but don’t rely on them. You will learn future topics much easier if you rely on the definitions, rather than the diagrams. This knowledge will also come in handy when completing algorithm challenges in the future!
