README.md, before:

## Free Code Camp Video Challenges
This repository exists to help facilitate planning around Free Code Camp's video challenges. Chat with us [in our Gitter room](https://gitter.im/FreeCodeCamp/hikes) for more casual talk about contributing! 

### What are Video Challenges?
Video challenges are a segment of Free Code Camp's curriculum for full stack web development.

### Current Video Challenges
- Read here about what's currently in flight

### How can I contribute?
1. Find a topic you can help with
  - Look in issues tab for 'help wanted'
  - Look in [this document](https://github.com/FreeCodeCamp/hikes/blob/master/video-challenge-tracking.md) to see what is 'help wanted'
2. Check out these resources to get ready
  - [Article with general guidelines](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/let-s-go-for-a-hike-here-s-your-map-4301df6e3801#.f91m4eq85)
  - [Video challenge chat](https://gitter.im/FreeCodeCamp/hikes)
3. Create a pull request 
  - Create a new branch with `<yourusername-videoname>`  
  - Find this topic in the [video challenge tracking document](https://github.com/FreeCodeCamp/hikes/blob/master/video-challenge-tracking.md). If it's not there, add it where you think it fits best.
  - Assign yourself as an assignee in the [video challenge tracking document](https://github.com/FreeCodeCamp/hikes/blob/master/video-challenge-tracking.md).
  - Propose a script as a [markdown file](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
    - Create a new file labeled `<video-title.md>` within the appropriate folder (`scripts/<unit-title>/<video-title.md>`). If that folder doesn't exist yet, create one!
  - Save your changes and open a pull request comparing to master. `@` mention brianamarie for feedback.
3. Record your video
  - Set up a whiteboard and record your video 
4. Comment in your PR with the link to your video. `@` QuincyLarson and brianamarie
  - You'll get feedback, and we'll work with you to help refine the video so we can include it on FreeCodeCamp.com
5. Open a PR in the [Free Code Camp repository](https://github.com/freecodecamp/freecodecamp) including your video links, scripts, and questions to get them added to the site

## Sound too complicated? We can help! Don't be afraid to get started, and ask for help when you need it. :sparkles:

Commit message:

Updated README for new workflow (#189)
* Delete video-challenge-tracking.md

* Updated README with new workflow

* Added labels

* Removed weird bold things

* Added number that disappeared

README.md, after:

## Free Code Camp Video Challenges
This repository exists to help facilitate planning around Free Code Camp's video challenges. Chat with us [in our Gitter room](https://gitter.im/FreeCodeCamp/hikes) for more casual talk about contributing! 

### What are Video Challenges?
Video challenges are a segment of Free Code Camp's curriculum for full stack web development.

### Current Video Challenges
- You can view our current video challenges here: https://www.freecodecamp.com/videos.

### Labels
1. ![01: Help Wanted](https://img.shields.io/badge/Label-01: Help Wanted-000000.svg)&nbsp;These issues are open for anyone to work on!
2. ![02: Scripting](https://img.shields.io/badge/Label-02: Scripting-000000.svg)&nbsp;This issue has been assigned to someone, who is currently working on a script.
3. ![03: Recording](https://img.shields.io/badge/Label-03: Recording-000000.svg)&nbsp;This issue is currently being recorded or edited.
4. ![04: Reviewing](https://img.shields.io/badge/Label-04: Reviewing-000000.svg)&nbsp;This issue is being reviewed by a mod e.g. [`@brianamarie`](https://gitter.im/brianamarie), [`@Septimus`](https://gitter.im/Septimus), [`@atjonathan`](https://gitter.im/atjonathan).
5. ![05: Finalizing](https://img.shields.io/badge/Label-05: Finalizing-000000.svg)&nbsp;This issue is being finalized before being added to the main site.

### How can I contribute?
1. Look for issues with the label [`01: Help Wanted`](https://github.com/FreeCodeCamp/hikes/labels/01: Help Wanted).
2. Check out these resources to get ready
  - [Article with general guidelines](https://medium.freecodecamp.com/let-s-go-for-a-hike-here-s-your-map-4301df6e3801#.f91m4eq85)
  - [Video challenge chat](https://gitter.im/FreeCodeCamp/hikes)
3. Create a pull request 
  - Create a new branch with `<yourusername-videoname>`.
  - Propose a script as a [markdown file](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
    - Create a new file labeled `<video-title.md>` within the appropriate folder (`scripts/<unit-title>/<video-title.md>`). If that folder doesn't exist yet, create one!
  - Save your changes and open a pull request comparing to master.
3. Record your video
  - Set up a whiteboard and record your video 
4. Comment in your PR with the link to your video. `@` QuincyLarson and brianamarie
  - You'll get feedback, and we'll work with you to help refine the video so we can include it on FreeCodeCamp.com.
5. Open a PR in the [Free Code Camp repository](https://github.com/freecodecamp/freecodecamp) with your video links, scripts, and questions to get them added to the site

> Sound too complicated? We can help! Don't be afraid to get started, and ask for help when you need it. :sparkles:
